hello it's Ruby and I decided to do a
life study with me I've got lots of
requests in the past to do one of these
but it was never something that I
thought I would try until really just
now I'm done thing on ster Graham I
didn't give a as an schedules I've just
gone live and I'm going to be doing a
chemistry paper I could not earn enough
to do it but I'm gonna say now that I'm
much for this is going to work for me in
terms of me staying productive and
staying motivated and I'm hoping it well
but if I find myself getting distracted
tracted even to that I'll have to finish
the book cast earlier I would've planned
um so I think it's sad that it's now a
half paper block I might not have done
and I'll just kind of show you through
what it is so it's just other questions
that's why it it takes an hour and a
half if you wouldn't really expect for
taking off um
right but everything I need a tow I have
realized I do actually require so I'm
going to go and grab up my bag um and
then I will be back in under ten seconds
I suppose
okay so I've got my calculator here and
I'm going to start the timer going to
because you look it up to see what I'm
doing tool if you've obviously even just
seen my face in the ankle that I've got
now so I'm going to tilt it forward to
here the peak isn't fantastic I'm aware
and I hope this acts as a motor page to
pull some anybody who's studying who's
got their GC seems off hey les sort of a
levels or finals America move act as a
motivation for so um your species more
to go on Instagram and say that I'm
doing it if you are new friends you
think might like to watch it um but
really I just hope you I'm going to get
started my page now and start timer
Oh
and if you're wondering I use a mild
liners throughout the paper that
anything that I'm not entirely certain
which I might want to go back to at the
end so I'm not sure whether it actually
is a liquid or gas so I'm going to go
back to the energy
[Music]
ting and because my answer came up quite
large not so large that it's not Clause
the ball but large enough to NY the end
I'm also going to actually go and grab
my purity tape which I realize I don't
have
[Music]
that's not very organized star study
sessions so far good to say I didn't get
my calculator noted I get my period
[Music]
I know that I said I wasn't going to
talk through this well I didn't say that
but I told myself I wasn't going to but
um Oxygen's that is just so obvious that
you don't know whether you can write the
answer down I feel like there are a few
of these in this paper and it's making
me feel quite nervous because I feel
like it's so much more complex and what
I'm saying so for example my answers
aren't so silly because it asks Blazers
important important that if magnesium
hydroxide is prepared by this reaction
then magnesium hydroxide is purified
before ingestion and I just said it must
be purified so so that no harm comes to
the body so there nothing toxic results
and of course that just seems so obvious
that it can't be right but I can't this
occasion so yes just tell it just tell
me whether you can relate with that
there might be a Google Hangouts
conversation I'm not looking at that I
haven't got the pop-up screen here but
if you put it on there than are we cover
it up afterwards and just tell me
whether years sometimes find that
because I always think a key in getting
this question as well it was like that
as long okay I'm going to get back now
if you're wondering this is a little
tense I know the probably thinking it's
very lazy to use there's something quite
enjoyable about it I recommend them I
think they're only about four pounds as
well which is quite good and I have my
winix last round that was very silly I'd
spreader this sulfide instead of sulfate
so I could be wonderfully father
there's wonder where my high to share
with the balance on
does not make sense this is al idea of
creations in pencil
you
[Music]
and this is my things to research book
and I just realized that I'm just I'm
not sure whether there is a correlation
that's that alkali and I'll connect a
beginning and I symbology that and see
what the link was and that's just a
reminder sway
I don't forget I talk about that book in
my what my new attention is bored so you
might have a look at that at that if
what it is
[Music]
you
and maybe half the balance is your flow
means yeah
[Music]
you
so I'm going up to the multiple-choice
section of the paper which is a new
addition to a QA and um actually they're
usually fairly difficult I mean you
can't just guess most of the time you'll
see because oh it's likely I'll have to
do a lot of working for each runner
[Music]
so I'm going to finish there
her actions yet but that's something I
will do it's just I'm going to have my
notes with me and then kind of do it in
different color so that I can show my
teacher which bits I'm struggling a bit
more so I did this paper in one hour
five minutes and I've got one hour
thirty so that does give me the time for
checking which is good because in exam
course you want to have that checking of
course um obviously and so as well I'm
just seeing whether Google Hangouts is
on oh yes look there we go and I can see
I can see people have got their sorry
I'm not speaking very well I can see
people are commenting on the vehicle
hangouts I didn't look at this at all
over the course because I didn't want to
distract me and I really for such a
lovely comments honestly every time that
I read that I read messages from you I
am astounded by how lovely everybody is
and I really am so grateful I don't
think I can convey that enough sorts and
incredibly cheesy um the first GCSE is
meant to be our air and our irreligious
education to let everyone's answer that
um I were talking about popcorn and
water yet popcorn is the best study
snack I think it's my favorite I might
do a video on studies and actually tell
me if you'd want that if you want me to
do that actually and I run say hello oh
hi everyone I'm sixteen um that's from
sorry I can't pronounce this um start
--is-- perfect she asked how old I am
I'm sixteen but I'm turning 17 in three
days which is really odd because I don't
feel as though I'm old enough to be
seventeen um but yes three days until
9/13 high oh my
I didn't realize you were doing the life
study with me oh I didn't actually
publicize I probably should have done
yes Nick prime 101 says OMG you look
very really young um and as you get that
a lot
I get mistaken for 12 13 14 most of the
time is who didn't think I'm I am
sixteen seventy I'm you're twelve how
would I remember equations I think it's
really just writing them over and over
and over again um I mean with maths
equations we have the quadratic formula
and I literally just got a whiteboard
out and I would write it it sounds very
strange but I'd write it rub it out
write it rub it out write it rub it out
and I do that for about five minutes
every day and then I learnt it um oh gee
TC RS exam tomorrow and good luckily I
think you're going to brilliantly and I
think just it just enjoy RS it's one of
the it's an enjoyable day it will be
enjoyed it's RS and I am going to have
to go I'm sorry because I haven't
examined myself tomorrow
I've got Spanish um which I'm quite
excited for and but I can't stay on
YouTube the whole time will be asleep
because I ain't about studying and I'm
sure everyone else does as well so um
thank you for watching and have
productive week